* Do you think this current system provides adequate accountability around short-term
rentals in San Francisco? In your response, describe why you believe the system is
adequate or inadequate. If you believe the system is inadequate, discuss a possible
change in actions required to improve accountability in this system. You may refer to the
SWE Code of Ethics as you think through your response.

I personally think that the current system does provide some level of accountability, and while there are
some problems I do want to address I feel like the current system is the best we are going to get realistically.
One of the problems I did want to mention though is how hosts are required to register with the city's planning office, 
and Airbnb is supposed to display the information for each listing but enforcement mostly relies on the citizens
oversight and third-party monitoring. This idea and system makes it possible for noncompliant hosts to list properties
without immediate consequences.One thing we could do is make the city implement like a verification system and force Airbnb
to validate registration before a listing goes live, that way they can ensure that uncompliant hosts don't find cheat codes.
This idea would also align with the SWE Code of Ethics!




* As discussed in the introduction, the legality of web scraping is still uncertain in the US.
Skim through the Legal Issues section of Web Scraping in the US on Wikipedia and this
article about the legal issues with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and describe at
least one factor you believe is important to consider when discussing the legality of web
scraping and why.

One important factor I found pretty important, which was mentioned in the "Computer Fraud and
Abuse Act" was the way the CFAA mentions some of it's rules. They mention that it's a crime to
"access a computer without authorization" in a manner that "exceeds authorization", but like the
article says the law diesn't really make it clear what exactly these phrases mean. This means people
could take advantage of this ambiguous meaning. This also means it could be taken the wrong way,
thus even is some data is publicly accessible on a website, scraping it in ways that bypass some security
measures or that violate that website's terms of service could be considered illegal. This ambiguity 
on the rules can cause a lot of problems when web scraping. Overall, I think when conducting web scraping
it's very important to make sure you check the website's rules and terms of service and ensure that there
are no legal restrictions or essential things to avoid potential civil/criminal liability. 



* Scraping public data does not always lead to positive results for society. For example,
look to Facebook–Cambridge Analytica data scandal - Wikipedia or Clearview AI -
Wikipedia. Many argue that using someone’s personal data without their consent (even if
publicly provided) is unethical. Web scraping requires thoughtful intervention. Develop at
least two guidelines you think are important to consider when deciding whether to do
web scraping.

First of all, I feel like one of the most important guidelines to have is Transparency and 
Accountability. I believe that researchers, students, teachers, and anyone using public data 
should document their methods and cite all their sources. It's good to ensure that the data 
collected is used for legitimate purposes rather than exploitation. Second of all, I think a 
good important guideline to follow is to ensure that the web scraping that you perform doesn't  
provide any harm to others and that is respects others privacy. I feel like this is very important
to remember as public data may contain information that could be sensitive information about individuals. 
Web scraping should focus on avoiding collecting unnecessary personal details about people and should
anonymize or aggregate results when possible! I believe following these 2 guidelines could help 
maintain more public trust.





